OKTA-566837 Capitalisation C corrections (#4127)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/code/dotnet/blazor/index.md

These SDKs help you integrate with Okta to build your own fully-branded authentication by embedding an Okta Sign-In Widget and/or SDK.

* [Okta Identity Engine .NET SDK](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-dotnet)
* [Okta Classic Engine Management SDK for .NET](https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-dotnet)

## Recommended guides

Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget guide:

> Sign users in to your SPA using the redirect model  (coming soon)

Reviewer: I think Brian worked on this one (I know it's not strictly a part of your PR):
```suggestion
[Sign users in to your SPA using the redirect model](/docs/guides/sign-into-spa-redirect/angular/main/)
```
